# SAPA-Project
Firstly, our project is an electronic stethoscope. The main idea of our project is to take the signals from some vital organs and analyze them. In this case, we can examine the project for two parts; taking the signals and analyzing the signals. First of all, we need to take voice with a physical instrument because it should collect the voice, especially from the exact area of the body. To achieve this we have used a usual stethoscope. Also, we know that it will collect some other signals that we don't want. We will name them as parasites. So in this situation, we need a circuit part for our project. The circuit will help us take the voice signal, filter it, and give some gain. If we want to hear the signals, we can add a speaker to the output. To get more clear signals, we used 2 different circuits for heartbeat and respiratory. Because these organs have different ranges of frequency. And we apply different types of filters to take them. We have used a lowpass filter for heartbeat and a bandpass filter for respiratory. The voltage of the signal without gain is around 15mV and we add a gain of 200 so that, the output voltage of the signal is around 3V. So far, we have collected the signal, filtered it, and the signal was gained. Secondly, we have to convert the analog signal to digital because we need to analyze the signals. We have used Arduino as an ADC. Through Arduino, the input voltages of analog signals are converted into digital data between 0 and 1023, which is a format that can be read and processed by other devices. Lastly, we show the raw, filtered, and FFT(fast Fourier transform) on GUI.
